ci: backport-verification test (#3385)
MidLevel/MLAPI: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Deprecation of the API is explained in the CHANGELOG.
- [ ] The users can understand why this API was removed and what they should use instead.
-->

## Backport

> Link to the backport to develop branch (NGOv1.X) if applicable. If this is a backport, please add the following to the PR title: "\[Backport\] ..." .
> If the backport is not needed please provide the reason why.
> If "Backports" section will not be present it will lead to CI test failure

Reviewer: nit: A suggestion to leave this section as a markdown comment so it's easier to see the filled out information, and rewrote the information a little for clarity.

```suggestion
<!-- If this is a backport:
 - Add the following to the PR title: "\[Backport\] ..." .
 - Link to the original PR.
If this needs a backport - state this here
If a backport is not needed please provide the reason why.
If the "Backports" section is not present it will lead to a CI test failure. 
-->
```
